p5js/common/examples/space-colonization/index.md, before:

---
layout: minimal
title:  "p5.js - Common Examples - Space Colonization"
categories: p5js
modal: true
bh_page_type: draft
excerpt: Demonstrates the a generalized implementation of the 'space colonization' algorithm, mimicking the biological process of roots growing in spurts in an attempt to secure resources.

js_scripts:
- /sketchbook/vendor/p5.js/0.7.2/p5.js
- /sketchbook/vendor/lil-gui/0.20.0/lil-gui.min.js
- /sketchbook/p5js/common/p5js_settings.js
- /sketchbook/p5js/common/p5js_utils.js
- /sketchbook/js/util_functions.js
- /sketchbook/js/options_set.js
- /sketchbook/js/models/vector_2d.js
- /sketchbook/js/models/rect.js
- /sketchbook/js/models/quadratic_equation.js
- /sketchbook/js/layout_util_functions.js
- /sketchbook/js/models/space-colonization/network_segment.js
- /sketchbook/js/models/space-colonization/network_root.js
- /sketchbook/js/models/space-colonization/influencer.js
- /sketchbook/js/models/space-colonization/space.js
- classes/system.js
- app.js

---

{% include_relative README.md %}

Commit message:

p5js/common/ex/space-colonization - Publish the generic example
Feel that this is sufficiently distinct to publish now, with its alternate layouts

Still more to do
- enable control of the 'Influencers'
- have boundary lines for network edges
- enable interwoven networks

p5js/common/examples/space-colonization/index.md, after:

---
layout: minimal
title:  "p5.js - Common Examples - Space Colonization"
categories: p5js
modal: true
viewport_noscale: true
excerpt: Demonstrates a generalized implementation of the 'space colonization' algorithm, for use in non-botany related contexts and with addtional layout options.

js_scripts:
- https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/inobounce/0.2.0/inobounce.js
- https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/p5.js/1.11.2/p5.min.js
- /sketchbook/vendor/lil-gui/0.20.0/lil-gui.min.js
- /sketchbook/p5js/common/p5js_settings.js
- /sketchbook/p5js/common/p5js_utils.js
- /sketchbook/js/util_functions.js
- /sketchbook/js/options_set.js
- /sketchbook/js/models/vector_2d.js
- /sketchbook/js/models/rect.js
- /sketchbook/js/models/quadratic_equation.js
- /sketchbook/js/layout_util_functions.js
- /sketchbook/js/models/space-colonization/network_segment.js
- /sketchbook/js/models/space-colonization/network_root.js
- /sketchbook/js/models/space-colonization/influencer.js
- /sketchbook/js/models/space-colonization/space.js
- classes/system.js
- app.js

---

{% include_relative README.md %}
