README.md, before:

sketchbook
==========

Collection of personal coding projects. They may or may not grow into individual projects.

## Latest

A p5.js sketch, my second iteration modeling forest fires.

[<img src="./p5js/forest-fires-02/screenshot-01.png" alt="p5js-forest-fires-02" width="150px" />][link-p5js-forest-fires-02]


## LÖVE
Collection of sketches using the [LÖVE][love2d] environment.

[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/love2d/game-of-life/screenshot-01.png" alt="game-of-life" width="150px" />][link-love2d-game-of-life]

## p5.js
Collection of sketches using the [p5.js][p5js] Javascript library.

[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/ecosystem/screenshot-01.png" alt="ecosystem" width="150px" />][link-p5js-ecosystem]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/forest-01/screenshot-01.png" alt="forest-01" width="150px" />][link-p5js-forest-01]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/forest-fires/screenshot-01.png" alt="forest-fires" width="150px" />][link-p5js-forest-fires]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/forest-fires-02/screenshot-01.png" alt="forest-fires-02" width="150px" />][link-p5js-forest-fires-02]
[<img src="./p5js/common/examples/draggable/screenshot-01.png" alt="draggable" width="150px" />][link-p5js-draggable]
[<img src="./p5js/friezes/screenshot-01.png" alt="friezes" width="150px" />][link-p5js-friezes]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/hello_world/screenshot-01.png" alt="hello_world" width="150px" />][link-p5js-hello_world]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/josef-albers-homage-to-a-square/screenshot-01.png" alt="homage-to-a-square" width="150px" />][link-p5js-josef-albers-homage-to-a-square]
[<img src="./p5js/keyviz/screenshot-01.png" alt="keyviz" width="150px" />][link-p5js-keyviz]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/meandering-river/screenshot-01.png" alt="meandering-river" width="150px" />][link-p5js-meandering-river]
[<img src="./p5js/common/examples/quadtree/screenshot-01.png" alt="quadtree" width="150px" />][link-p5js-quadtree]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/snowflake-pen/screenshot-01.png" alt="snowflake-pen" width="150px" />][link-p5js-snowflake-pen]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/thermal-cells/screenshot-01.png" alt="thermal-cells" width="150px" />][link-p5js-thermal-cells]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/tree-rings/screenshot-01.png" alt="tree-rings" width="150px" />][link-p5js-tree-rings]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/voronoi-herd/screenshot-01.png" alt="voronoi-herd" width="150px" />][link-p5js-voronoi-herd]

## p5.js - Coding Challenges
Collection of sketches using the [p5.js][p5js] Javascript library inspired by the [Coding Train's][coding-train] [Coding Challenges][coding-train-cc].

[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/coding-challenges/fractal-trees-01/screenshot-01.png" alt="fractal-trees-01" width="150px" />][link-p5js-cc-fractal-trees-01]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/coding-challenges/fractal-trees-02/screenshot-01.png" alt="fractal-trees-02" width="150px" />][link-p5js-cc-fractal-trees-02]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/coding-challenges/fractal-trees-03/screenshot-01.png" alt="fractal-trees-03" width="150px" />][link-p5js-cc-fractal-trees-03]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/coding-challenges/fractal-trees-04/screenshot-01.png" alt="fractal-trees-04" width="150px" />][link-p5js-cc-fractal-trees-04]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/coding-challenges/fractal-trees-05/screenshot-01.png" alt="fractal-trees-05" width="150px" />][link-p5js-cc-fractal-trees-05]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/coding-challenges/maze-generator/screenshot-01.png" alt="maze-generator" width="150px" />][link-p5js-cc-maze-generator]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/coding-challenges/mitosis/screenshot-07.png" alt="mitosis" width="150px" />][link-p5js-cc-mitosis]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/coding-challenges/snake/screenshot-01.png" alt="snake" width="150px" />][link-p5js-cc-snake]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/coding-challenges/solar-system/screenshot-01.png" alt="solar-system" width="150px" />][link-p5js-cc-solar-system]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/coding-challenges/solar-system-3d/screenshot-01.png" alt="solar-system-3d" width="150px" />][link-p5js-cc-solar-system-3d]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/coding-challenges/solar-system-3d-texturized/screenshot-01.png" alt="solar-system-3d-texturized" width="150px" />][link-p5js-cc-solar-system-3d-texturized]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/coding-challenges/space-invaders/screenshot.png" alt="space-invaders" width="150px" />][link-p5js-cc-space-invaders]

## Processing
Collection of sketches using the [Processing (P3)][processing] environment.

[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/attractors/screenshot-01.png" alt="attractors" width="150px" />][link-attractors]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/dodgeball/screenshot-01.png" alt="dodgeball" width="150px" />][link-dodgeball]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/event_sequencer/screenshot-01.png" alt="event_sequencer" width="150px" />][link-event_sequencer]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/fieldeq/screenshot-01.png" alt="fieldeq" width="150px" />][link-fieldeq]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/game_of_life/screenshot-01.png" alt="game_of_life" width="150px" />][link-game_of_life]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/hexagonal/screenshot-01.png" alt="hexagonal" width="150px" />][link-hexagonal]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/hockey/screenshot-01.png" alt="hockey" width="150px" />][link-hockey]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/hockey_01/screenshot-01.png" alt="hockey_01" width="150px" />][link-hockey_01]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/interaction_of_color/screenshot-01.png" alt="interaction_of_color" width="150px" />][link-interaction_of_color]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/keyviz/screenshot-01.png" alt="keyviz" width="150px" />][link-keyviz]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/network/screenshot-01.png" alt="network" width="150px" />][link-network]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/number_visualizer/screenshot-01.png" alt="number_visualizer" width="150px" />][link-number_visualizer]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/random_001/screenshot-01.png" alt="random_001" width="150px" />][link-random_001]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/series_plots/screenshot-01.png" alt="series_plots" width="150px" />][link-series_plots]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/smart_traffic/screenshot-01.png" alt="smart_traffic" width="150px" />][link-smart_traffic]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/spirals/screenshot-01.png" alt="spirals" width="150px" />][link-spirals]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/thermal_cells/screenshot-01.png" alt="thermal_cells" width="150px" />][link-thermal_cells]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/three_d_blocks/screenshot-01.png" alt="three_d_blocks" width="150px" />][link-three_d_blocks]

[love2d]: https://love2d.org/
[p5js]: https://p5js.org/
[processing]: https://processing.org/
[coding-train]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvjgXvBlbQiydffZU7m1_aw
[coding-train-cc]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17WoOqgXsRM&list=PLRqwX-V7Uu6ZiZxtDDRCi6uhfTH4FilpH&index=1

[link-love2d-game-of-life]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/lua/game-of-life

[link-p5js-ecosystem]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/ecosystem/
[link-p5js-forest-01]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/forest-01/
[link-p5js-forest-fires]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/forest-fires/
[link-p5js-forest-fires-02]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/forest-fires-02/
[link-p5js-draggable]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/common/examples/draggable/
[link-p5js-friezes]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/friezes/
[link-p5js-hello_world]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/hello_world/
[link-p5js-josef-albers-homage-to-a-square]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/josef-albers-homage-to-a-square/
[link-p5js-keyviz]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/keyviz/
[link-p5js-meandering-river]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/meandering-river/
[link-p5js-quadtree]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/common/examples/quadtree/
[link-p5js-snowflake-pen]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/snowflake-pen/
[link-p5js-thermal-cells]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/thermal-cells/
[link-p5js-tree-rings]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/tree-rings/
[link-p5js-voronoi-herd]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/voronoi-herd/

[link-p5js-cc-fractal-trees-01]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/coding-challenges/fractal-trees-01/
[link-p5js-cc-fractal-trees-02]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/coding-challenges/fractal-trees-02/
[link-p5js-cc-fractal-trees-03]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/coding-challenges/fractal-trees-03/
[link-p5js-cc-fractal-trees-04]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/coding-challenges/fractal-trees-04/
[link-p5js-cc-fractal-trees-05]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/coding-challenges/fractal-trees-05/
[link-p5js-cc-maze-generator]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/coding-challenges/maze-generator/
[link-p5js-cc-mitosis]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/coding-challenges/mitosis/
[link-p5js-cc-snake]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/coding-challenges/snake/
[link-p5js-cc-solar-system]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/coding-challenges/solar-system/
[link-p5js-cc-solar-system-3d]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/coding-challenges/solar-system-3d/
[link-p5js-cc-solar-system-3d-texturized]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/coding-challenges/solar-system-3d-texturized/
[link-p5js-cc-space-invaders]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/coding-challenges/space-invaders/

[link-attractors]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/attractors
[link-dodgeball]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/dodgeball
[link-event_sequencer]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/event_sequencer
[link-fieldeq]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/fieldeq
[link-game_of_life]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/game_of_life
[link-hexagonal]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/hexagonal
[link-hockey]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/hockey
[link-hockey_01]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/hockey_01
[link-interaction_of_color]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/interaction_of_color
[link-keyviz]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/keyviz
[link-network]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/network
[link-number_visualizer]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/number_visualizer
[link-random_001]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/random_001
[link-series_plots]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/series_plots
[link-smart_traffic]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/smart_traffic
[link-spirals]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/spirals
[link-thermal_cells]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/thermal_cells
[link-three_d_blocks]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/three_d_blocks

Commit message:

p5js/nautical-flags - Add README and screenshots

README.md, after:

sketchbook
==========

Collection of personal coding projects. They may or may not grow into individual projects.

## Latest

A p5.js sketch, allowing the user to type and see the Internation Maritime Flag for that letter/number.

[<img src="./p5js/nautical-flags/screenshot-01.png" alt="p5js-nautical-flags-02" width="150px" />][link-p5js-nautical-flags]


## LÖVE
Collection of sketches using the [LÖVE][love2d] environment.

[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/love2d/game-of-life/screenshot-01.png" alt="game-of-life" width="150px" />][link-love2d-game-of-life]

## p5.js
Collection of sketches using the [p5.js][p5js] Javascript library.

[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/ecosystem/screenshot-01.png" alt="ecosystem" width="150px" />][link-p5js-ecosystem]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/forest-01/screenshot-01.png" alt="forest-01" width="150px" />][link-p5js-forest-01]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/forest-fires/screenshot-01.png" alt="forest-fires" width="150px" />][link-p5js-forest-fires]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/forest-fires-02/screenshot-01.png" alt="forest-fires-02" width="150px" />][link-p5js-forest-fires-02]
[<img src="./p5js/common/examples/draggable/screenshot-01.png" alt="draggable" width="150px" />][link-p5js-draggable]
[<img src="./p5js/friezes/screenshot-01.png" alt="friezes" width="150px" />][link-p5js-friezes]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/hello_world/screenshot-01.png" alt="hello_world" width="150px" />][link-p5js-hello_world]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/josef-albers-homage-to-a-square/screenshot-01.png" alt="homage-to-a-square" width="150px" />][link-p5js-josef-albers-homage-to-a-square]
[<img src="./p5js/keyviz/screenshot-01.png" alt="keyviz" width="150px" />][link-p5js-keyviz]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/meandering-river/screenshot-01.png" alt="meandering-river" width="150px" />][link-p5js-meandering-river]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/nautical-flags/screenshot-01.png" alt="nautical-flags" width="150px" />][link-p5js-nautical-flags]
[<img src="./p5js/common/examples/quadtree/screenshot-01.png" alt="quadtree" width="150px" />][link-p5js-quadtree]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/snowflake-pen/screenshot-01.png" alt="snowflake-pen" width="150px" />][link-p5js-snowflake-pen]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/thermal-cells/screenshot-01.png" alt="thermal-cells" width="150px" />][link-p5js-thermal-cells]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/tree-rings/screenshot-01.png" alt="tree-rings" width="150px" />][link-p5js-tree-rings]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/voronoi-herd/screenshot-01.png" alt="voronoi-herd" width="150px" />][link-p5js-voronoi-herd]

## p5.js - Coding Challenges
Collection of sketches using the [p5.js][p5js] Javascript library inspired by the [Coding Train's][coding-train] [Coding Challenges][coding-train-cc].

[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/coding-challenges/fractal-trees-01/screenshot-01.png" alt="fractal-trees-01" width="150px" />][link-p5js-cc-fractal-trees-01]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/coding-challenges/fractal-trees-02/screenshot-01.png" alt="fractal-trees-02" width="150px" />][link-p5js-cc-fractal-trees-02]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/coding-challenges/fractal-trees-03/screenshot-01.png" alt="fractal-trees-03" width="150px" />][link-p5js-cc-fractal-trees-03]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/coding-challenges/fractal-trees-04/screenshot-01.png" alt="fractal-trees-04" width="150px" />][link-p5js-cc-fractal-trees-04]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/coding-challenges/fractal-trees-05/screenshot-01.png" alt="fractal-trees-05" width="150px" />][link-p5js-cc-fractal-trees-05]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/coding-challenges/maze-generator/screenshot-01.png" alt="maze-generator" width="150px" />][link-p5js-cc-maze-generator]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/coding-challenges/mitosis/screenshot-07.png" alt="mitosis" width="150px" />][link-p5js-cc-mitosis]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/coding-challenges/snake/screenshot-01.png" alt="snake" width="150px" />][link-p5js-cc-snake]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/coding-challenges/solar-system/screenshot-01.png" alt="solar-system" width="150px" />][link-p5js-cc-solar-system]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/coding-challenges/solar-system-3d/screenshot-01.png" alt="solar-system-3d" width="150px" />][link-p5js-cc-solar-system-3d]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/coding-challenges/solar-system-3d-texturized/screenshot-01.png" alt="solar-system-3d-texturized" width="150px" />][link-p5js-cc-solar-system-3d-texturized]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/p5js/coding-challenges/space-invaders/screenshot.png" alt="space-invaders" width="150px" />][link-p5js-cc-space-invaders]

## Processing
Collection of sketches using the [Processing (P3)][processing] environment.

[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/attractors/screenshot-01.png" alt="attractors" width="150px" />][link-attractors]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/dodgeball/screenshot-01.png" alt="dodgeball" width="150px" />][link-dodgeball]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/event_sequencer/screenshot-01.png" alt="event_sequencer" width="150px" />][link-event_sequencer]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/fieldeq/screenshot-01.png" alt="fieldeq" width="150px" />][link-fieldeq]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/game_of_life/screenshot-01.png" alt="game_of_life" width="150px" />][link-game_of_life]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/hexagonal/screenshot-01.png" alt="hexagonal" width="150px" />][link-hexagonal]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/hockey/screenshot-01.png" alt="hockey" width="150px" />][link-hockey]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/hockey_01/screenshot-01.png" alt="hockey_01" width="150px" />][link-hockey_01]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/interaction_of_color/screenshot-01.png" alt="interaction_of_color" width="150px" />][link-interaction_of_color]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/keyviz/screenshot-01.png" alt="keyviz" width="150px" />][link-keyviz]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/network/screenshot-01.png" alt="network" width="150px" />][link-network]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/number_visualizer/screenshot-01.png" alt="number_visualizer" width="150px" />][link-number_visualizer]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/random_001/screenshot-01.png" alt="random_001" width="150px" />][link-random_001]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/series_plots/screenshot-01.png" alt="series_plots" width="150px" />][link-series_plots]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/smart_traffic/screenshot-01.png" alt="smart_traffic" width="150px" />][link-smart_traffic]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/spirals/screenshot-01.png" alt="spirals" width="150px" />][link-spirals]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/thermal_cells/screenshot-01.png" alt="thermal_cells" width="150px" />][link-thermal_cells]
[<img src="https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/raw/master/processing/three_d_blocks/screenshot-01.png" alt="three_d_blocks" width="150px" />][link-three_d_blocks]

[love2d]: https://love2d.org/
[p5js]: https://p5js.org/
[processing]: https://processing.org/
[coding-train]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvjgXvBlbQiydffZU7m1_aw
[coding-train-cc]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17WoOqgXsRM&list=PLRqwX-V7Uu6ZiZxtDDRCi6uhfTH4FilpH&index=1

[link-love2d-game-of-life]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/lua/game-of-life

[link-p5js-ecosystem]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/ecosystem/
[link-p5js-forest-01]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/forest-01/
[link-p5js-forest-fires]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/forest-fires/
[link-p5js-forest-fires-02]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/forest-fires-02/
[link-p5js-draggable]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/common/examples/draggable/
[link-p5js-friezes]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/friezes/
[link-p5js-hello_world]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/hello_world/
[link-p5js-josef-albers-homage-to-a-square]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/josef-albers-homage-to-a-square/
[link-p5js-keyviz]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/keyviz/
[link-p5js-meandering-river]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/meandering-river/
[link-p5js-nautical-flags]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/nautical-flags/
[link-p5js-quadtree]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/common/examples/quadtree/
[link-p5js-snowflake-pen]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/snowflake-pen/
[link-p5js-thermal-cells]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/thermal-cells/
[link-p5js-tree-rings]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/tree-rings/
[link-p5js-voronoi-herd]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/voronoi-herd/

[link-p5js-cc-fractal-trees-01]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/coding-challenges/fractal-trees-01/
[link-p5js-cc-fractal-trees-02]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/coding-challenges/fractal-trees-02/
[link-p5js-cc-fractal-trees-03]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/coding-challenges/fractal-trees-03/
[link-p5js-cc-fractal-trees-04]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/coding-challenges/fractal-trees-04/
[link-p5js-cc-fractal-trees-05]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/coding-challenges/fractal-trees-05/
[link-p5js-cc-maze-generator]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/coding-challenges/maze-generator/
[link-p5js-cc-mitosis]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/coding-challenges/mitosis/
[link-p5js-cc-snake]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/coding-challenges/snake/
[link-p5js-cc-solar-system]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/coding-challenges/solar-system/
[link-p5js-cc-solar-system-3d]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/coding-challenges/solar-system-3d/
[link-p5js-cc-solar-system-3d-texturized]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/coding-challenges/solar-system-3d-texturized/
[link-p5js-cc-space-invaders]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/p5js/coding-challenges/space-invaders/

[link-attractors]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/attractors
[link-dodgeball]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/dodgeball
[link-event_sequencer]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/event_sequencer
[link-fieldeq]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/fieldeq
[link-game_of_life]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/game_of_life
[link-hexagonal]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/hexagonal
[link-hockey]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/hockey
[link-hockey_01]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/hockey_01
[link-interaction_of_color]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/interaction_of_color
[link-keyviz]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/keyviz
[link-network]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/network
[link-number_visualizer]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/number_visualizer
[link-random_001]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/random_001
[link-series_plots]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/series_plots
[link-smart_traffic]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/smart_traffic
[link-spirals]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/spirals
[link-thermal_cells]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/thermal_cells
[link-three_d_blocks]: https://github.com/brianhonohan/sketchbook/tree/master/processing/three_d_blocks
