p5js/ecosystem/README.md, before:

# Ecosystem

## Idea:
Randomly generate a terrain with a set of resources that organisms will compete over.


## Config Options
The Javascript parses the following URL parameters:

| Param         | Description                                          | Data type | Approx Range | Default |
|---------------|------------------------------------------------------|-----------|--------------|---------|
| cellWidth     | Controls the resolution of the terrain.              | Integer   | 1-100        | 5       |
| scale         | Controls the approximate zoom-scale of the terrain.  | Float     |              | 0.02    |
| noise.octaves | The `lod` parameter into P5JS's `noiseDetail`        | Integer   | 1-10         | 10      |
| noise.falloff | The `falloff` parameter into P5JS's `noiseDetail`    | Float   | 0 - 1         | 0.6     |
| percentWater | The approximate percent of area to cover with water.  | Float   | 0 - 1         | 0.5     |


## Snapshot:

![screenshot](docs/screenshot-01.png)

Commit message:

p5js - Ecosystem - Introduce basic erosion
This is achieved by:
- Establishing concept of 'neighbors' in the CellGrid
- For each cell, determine its 'lowestNeighbor'
- Starting from the highest cell, transfer some elevation from that
cell to its 'lowestNeighbor'

- This is performed if a new 'erosionRate' is set.
... (values between 0 - 0.3 are best)

Additionally it has the concept of 'cumulativeInflux' which is an
approximation of the amount of rainfall (assuming uniform rain) that
flows through that cell. From that, we can perform additional
erosion with the idea that it is washed away in a river.

Currently if the erosion runs for too many cycles ... noise ends
up geting introduced.

p5js/ecosystem/README.md, after:

# Ecosystem

## Idea:
Randomly generate a terrain with a set of resources that organisms will compete over.


## Config Options
The Javascript parses the following URL parameters:

| Param         | Description                                          | Data type | Approx Range | Default |
|---------------|------------------------------------------------------|-----------|--------------|---------|
| cellWidth     | Controls the resolution of the terrain.              | Integer   | 1-100        | 5       |
| scale         | Controls the approximate zoom-scale of the terrain.  | Float     |              | 0.02    |
| noise.octaves | The `lod` parameter into P5JS's `noiseDetail`        | Integer   | 1-10         | 10      |
| noise.falloff | The `falloff` parameter into P5JS's `noiseDetail`    | Float   | 0 - 1         | 0.6     |
| percentWater | The approximate percent of area to cover with water.  | Float   | 0 - 1         | 0.5     |
| erosionRate | The rate of erosion per cycle                        | Float   | 0 - 0.5         | 0     |



## Snapshot:

![screenshot](docs/screenshot-01.png)
